There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had, and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Neither genius, fame, nor love show the greatness of the soul. Only kindness can do that.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself – if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities. Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life.
Love vanquishes time. To lovers, a moment can be eternity, eternity can be the tick of a clock.
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
